=== [http://gmmreg.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/iccv05_bib.txt bibtex entry] ===

=== [http://scholar.google.com/scholar?hl=en&lr=&cites=6148543078786051652 cited by] ===

  * R. Sandhu, [http://www.bme.gatech.edu/groups/bil/people/Samuel.Dambreville/Samuel.Dambreville.html S. Dambreville], and [http://www.bme.gatech.edu/groups/bil/ A. Tannenbaum]. [http://www.na-mic.org/Wiki/index.php/Projects:PointSetRigidRegistration Particle Filtering for Registration of 2D and 3D Point Sets with Stochastic Dynamics]. In IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR'08), 2008. [http://www.bme.gatech.edu/groups/minerva/publications/papers/Sandhu_08_CVPR_PF_Registration.pdf  http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * Benoît Combés and Sylvain Prima. [http://www.irisa.fr/visages/publi/publi/Combes08c-eng.html New algorithms to map asymmetries of 3D surfaces]. In 11th International Conference on Medical Image Computing and Computer-Assisted Intervention, MICCAI'2008, New York, USA, September 2008. [http://www.irisa.fr/visages/pdf/Combes08c.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * A.H.A. Hafez, S. Achar, and C.V. Jawahar. Visual servoing based on Gaussian mixture models. In IEEE International Conference on Robotics and Automation, (ICRA 2008), 2008. [http://www.iiit.net/techreports/2008_104.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * O. Zvitia, A. Mayer, and [http://www.eng.tau.ac.il/~hayit/ H. Greenspan]. Adaptive mean-shift registration of white matter tractographies. In 5th IEEE International Symposium on Biomedical Imaging: From Nano to Macro, (ISBI 2008), 2008.
  * [http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~bjbrown/ Benedict J. Brown] and [http://www.cs.princeton.edu/~smr/ Szymon Rusinkiewicz]. [http://www.cs.princeton.edu/gfx/pubs/Brown_2007_GNA/index.php Global non-rigid alignment of 3-D scans]. ACM Trans. Graph., 26(3):21, 2007. [http://www.cs.princeton.edu/gfx/pubs/Brown_2007_GNA/global_tps.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fewang Fei Wang] and [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~vemuri Baba C. Vemuri]. Non-Rigid Multi-Modal Image Registration Using Cross-Cumulative Residual Entropy. International Journal of Computer Vision, 74(2):201-215, 2007.
  * [http://media.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/~dhj Huijun Di], Rao Naveed Iqbal, Guangyou Xu, and Linmi Tao. [http://media.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/~dhj/cvpr07/index.html Groupwise Shape Registration on Raw Edge Sequence via A Spatio-Temporal Generative Model]. In IEEE Conference on Computer Vision and Pattern Recognition (CVPR'07), 2007.[http://media.cs.tsinghua.edu.cn/~dhj/paper/CVPR07-Registration-Edge-Seq.pdf  http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * [http://www.csee.ogi.edu/~myron/ Andriy Myronenko], Xubo B. Song, and [http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/mcarreira-perpinan/index.html Miguel Á. Carreira-Perpiñán]. Free-Form Nonrigid Image Registration Using Generalized Elastic Nets. In CVPR07, 2007. [http://www.cse.ogi.edu/~miguel/papers/cvpr07.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * Demetrios Gerogiannis, [http://www.cs.uoi.gr/~cnikou/ Christophoros Nikou], and Aristidis Likas. Robust Image Registration using Mixtures of t-distributions. In 8th IEEE Computer Society Workshop on Mathematical Methods in Biomedical Image Analysis (MMBIA’07), Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, October 2007. [http://www.cs.uoi.gr/~cnikou/Publications/IEEE-MMBIA-Rio%20de%20Janeiro-2007.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * Arunabha S. Roy, Ajay Gopinath, and [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~anand Anand Rangarajan]. Deformable Density Matching for 3D Non-rigid Registration of Shapes. In MICCAI07, pages 942-949, 2007. [http://www.cis.ufl.edu/~anand/pdf/miccai2007_final.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif] 
  * Shuisheng Xie, Jundong Liu, Darlene Berryman, Edward List, Charles Smith, and Hima Chebrolu. A Robust Image Segmentation Model Based on Integrated Square Estimation. In ISVC07, pages 643-651, 2007. 
  * Xiao Dong and Guoyan Zheng. Finding Deformable Shapes by Point Set Matching Through Nonparametric Belief Propagation. In MIAR06, pages 60-67, 2006. 
  * [http://www.csee.ogi.edu/~myron/ Andriy Myronenko], Xubo B. Song, and [http://faculty.ucmerced.edu/mcarreira-perpinan/index.html Miguel Á. Carreira-Perpiñán]. [http://www.csee.ogi.edu/~myron/matlab/cpd/ Non-rigid point set registration: Coherent Point Drift]. In NIPS06, pages 1009-1016, 2006. [http://www.csee.ogi.edu/~myron/publications/cpd_nips2006.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~fewang Fei Wang], [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~vemuri Baba C. Vemuri], and [http://www.cise.ufl.edu/~anand Anand Rangarajan]. Groupwise point pattern registration using a novel CDF-based Jensen-Shannon Divergence. In CVPR06, pages 1283-1288, 2006. [http://www.cis.ufl.edu/~anand/pdf/cvpr06.pdf http://www.irisa.fr/visages/icones/pdf.gif]
  * Jinzhong Yang, Rick S. Blum, James P. Williams, Yiyong Sun, and [http://iacl.ece.jhu.edu/~chenyang/ Chenyang Xu]. Non-rigid Image Registration Using Geometric Features and Local Salient Region Features. In CVPR06, pages 825-832, 2006.